I want to take communion with you and everybody else.
Let's take communion and let's believe God for their miracle today.
Let's believe God for supernatural.
You believe it, I believe it.
I'm ready.
I know you do.
I believe it too, and let's believe it together.
We're expecting to tell you there's an urgency.
I know I keep saying that, but my goodness, you need to know it.
There's a great major thing about to take place in God's timing.
He won't tell me the exact time.
I've seen it, and oh, what it will do to the world.
My goodness, folks, wake up.
You're running out of time.
Father, we lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Father.
We want to be awake; we want to seek your face; we want to find you.
As this household, we need a move of God, and we will not be the same today as we are tomorrow.
We will go from glory to glory to glory.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you said in your word that you were wounded for our transgressions, you were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we're healed.
Father, I thank you, Lord, from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
It doesn't matter what it may be; sickness of all kinds, you said you took it all.
Galatians says that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, and we will not be underneath that curse anymore; sickness is part of that curse.
Father, we thank you, Lord, according to Deuteronomy 28, those curses, all that were listed, were redeemed from them.
So Father, we take this body right now, and we're redeemed from cancer, from lack, from diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure, high blood sugars, glaucoma, cataracts, toothaches, and gum deterioration, and all kinds of things.
You healed us by your stripes.
So Father, we take this in remembrance of what you did for us.
We take this God because you did it all, and when you said it's finished, it was finished.
Everything you set out to do, you did it, and we take part of it.
We remember what you did for us in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Now, Lord, we thank you for the blood, and we apply the blood, and we make much of your blood, Lord, for your blood makes much of us.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our households, over our minds, that no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
We say a thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it will not come nigh us.
We hold the blood of Jesus Christ over our families, over my wife, over my children, over me.
The blood of Jesus covers us; the blood of Jesus covers us, and greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world.
We thank you for the blood, Lord.
We confess our sin, and you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sin and cleanse us from all unrighteousness, and we plead the blood of Jesus Christ over us today in our household.
We take communion every day in this house.
We take this communion every day, and we believe that the Lord Jesus Christ is one with us, and we're one with him, that as he is, so are we in this world.
As he is, so are we in this world.
Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever.
He said it, and I believe it, and that settles it.
I am fully persuaded that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
He is the same God that he was then as he is now; he's not changed.
He's still healing the sick.
He's still casting out devils through you and I.
We lay hands on the sick, and he said they will recover.
We cast out devils, and he said they have to flee.
Submit yourself therefore unto God, resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
You say, why, how come the Lord hasn't taken any more of these devils?
They're bothering me.
All this stuff.
He said, you do it.
He's not going to do any more about the devil for you; he already done everything he's going to do.
You submit yourself unto God; it takes you doing it.
You resist the devil; he didn't say, I'm going to resist the devil for you; he said, you resist the devil and he will flee.
But it first takes you saying, I submit myself to God today.
I submit.
Father, I need you; I need you.
Holy Spirit, help.
I need you.
And I submit myself unto God, and I resist him.
Satan, get yourself out of here in the name of Jesus.
You will not torment me, you will not try to bother me.
I plead this blood of Jesus over my mind, over my body.
Thus far, Satan, and no further.
You will not torment my children, you will not torment my house, you will not mess with my finances.
You are under my feet.
Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world, and that's what you've got to do.
Submit yourself therefore unto God, resist the devil, and he will flee.
Believe it; you've got to believe it.
Be fully persuaded about that.
Well, I'm having bad dreams, I'm having night terrors, I'm having all this stuff go on in my marriage.
I plead the blood of Jesus.
What you mean by that?
It's what's at the mercy seat, it's what's at the throne room, and Jesus is your attorney.
And then Satan is the accuser of the brethren, and he's up there saying, look what she's done, look what he's done, look what this.
But you are saying, what do you plead, guilty or not guilty?
I say I plead the blood.
I plead his blood.
His blood washes me white as snow, his blood makes me whole, his blood protects me from my head to my toe.
His blood is everything for me, and it's at that mercy seat, and Jesus says to you, Satan, they plead the blood, so they plead innocent because the blood makes you innocent, spotless before the Father.
The blood makes you innocent, spotless, because Jesus was sinless.
He had no sin; there was no sin in him, so his blood was pure and it washes you white as snow.
He is the Redeemer.
He set you free; he bought, he paid for all of it by what he did on Calvary's tree.
He did it all, he paid the price for you and me.
He washed you in his blood, he set you free.
But you plead the blood because it's at his mercy seat, and he is your attorney, just like a good attorney goes before the judge, and God is the great judge of all things, and Jesus is the attorney, and he's making intercession for you and I.
He's praying for you right now, and he's up there and he says, I plead the blood, my blood, my blood, Father, washed all that they did away.
And Satan's up there, the accuser of the brethren that the Bible says, he's accusing you.
He wants you dead; he wants to kill, steal, and destroy.
But it's only by this blood that represents what he did on that cross that you're able to live free.
That's why I take this every day.
The only way that we're able to stand against the devil is by the blood of the Lamb and the word of my testimony.
And my testimony is, he saved me, he delivered me, he turned my life around.
And the only thing that stands before that I can go into the Lord's throne is the blood of Jesus Christ.
It's what's on that mercy seat; it's in his courtroom, and that's why I do this all the time with you all because this is the only thing that gives you power.
Do you understand?
If it wasn't for this blood, if it wasn't for that body, you'd be damned to hell for eternity.
None of us have enough good works; none of us can do anything good enough.
We all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.
The Bible says every single one of us deserves hell, but it's because of this blood you're able to be free.
This is just representation of it.
We do it by faith.
That's why Diana and I take this every day because if it wasn't for the blood, where would we be?
It's the blood that washes us, it's the blood that cleanses us from all unrighteousness, but it's the blood that's at the mercy seat.
There's an altar, and he presented his blood.
He was a sacrifice, the Lamb slaughtered for the sins of the world.
He took it all for you and me.
By his stripes, you're healed; by his blood, you're free.
He washed you white as snow, ladies and gentlemen, and that's why we take this blood.
We make much of the blood, we make much of his blood, and his blood makes much of you.
Do you understand now?
I try to explain it a little bit because people go, what does this mean?
Why do you do this?
It's the blood that makes you white as snow.
He is your attorney.
Jesus is your attorney making intercession for you.
Father, they messed up again.
His blood is praying for you; his blood is crying out for you.
Guess what?
It's all washed away.
Whatever you've done today, the Bible says if you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
Every one of us deserves hell.
Every one of us, not one of us can do it on our own.
It's by his blood, it's by his blood.
So we take this blood, and we make much of your blood today, Lord, and we thank you, Lord, for what you did.
And Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law, according to Deuteronomy 28, and we make much of this blood because it was so expensive.
It was so expensive.
This blood was so expensive.
It cost him his life.
He did it just for you so that you don't have to be sick, you don't have to have poverty.
He said, I became poor that they might be rich.
I took poverty, I took these things.
Poverty is a curse.
True poverty is a curse; it's spiritual leprosy.
I will not be poor another day in my life for what Jesus paid the price for.
He said I became poor.
Look it up, Google it.
He became poor that you might be rich.
Jesus, thank you for what you did for me, and that's what we do with this communion.
It should be so real to you when you take it like I'm talking about right now.
Don't just take a piece of cracker and juice and just go, well, I'm taking it because it's a religious thing to do.
Why do we do it?
What's the meaning of it?
Yes, what's the meaning of it?
People don't have a clue why do we do this.
It's not a religious act, so deep.
It's relationship, it's relationship, it's relationship.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you for your blood, Lord.
You're precious to me.
Thank you, Father, thank you for that mercy seat, Father.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek, and when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Jesus, what a wonder you are.
You are so gentle, so pure, and so kind.
You shine like the bright morning star.
Jesus, what a wonder you are.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you always hear me when I call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the sweetest, sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you always hear me when I call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the sweetest, sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you always hear me when I call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the sweetest, sweetest name of all.
He's the sweetest, he's the sweetest name of all.
I love that song.
I sing it to him.
All I believe in miracles, I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
I believe in miracles, I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
I love that song.
I sang that the other day, and I started singing; the glory filled our car, and we were taken back by it because all of a sudden, this man started running around the road in front of us as I was singing.
The glory filled our car, and he started just waving and doing all this stuff.
I said, what is that guy doing?
I don't know if he felt it or not, but he started doing a dance in the road.
I guess he could hear me singing.
I don't know, but he took his dog and he just running the dog around.
I thought, that guy that was way out there, folks.
Are you laughing?
We were all laughing, and I said, what was he doing?
I said, I believe in miracles, I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
Glory to God, I love it.
I believe in it and I expect it every day.
I want you to expect it every day.
We pray this video blessed you all today.
We thank you for joining us.
I know it's probably long and some of you will fuss about it, but it's how long it went, and we're thankful for the Holy Spirit coming with us today.
I felt his presence so strong.
God bless you all.
Hey, all to the ones who get saved, all to the ones who do not have a Bible, that cannot afford a Bible, yes, you cannot afford it.
You don't have a Bible and you're new to this channel, and you say, Brandon, I don't have the means to buy a Bible, I have no way of getting one.
Could you help me get one?
Diana and I would like to buy you a Bible today.
We would like to buy you a Bible.
You can just do not put your address in the thing; it will never bother you again in the comments down below.
We will never bother you again.
You can email us.
Yes, email.
Your email is private to us, your address will be private to us; it's for this use only.
We're not here to solicit you about anything.
We just want to get you a Bible.
Our hearts are to help you.
We pray for you, we love you, we thank you for joining us.
If you're still here this long, you are really dedicated.
There's some folks that don't, but we're thankful for the ones that do because the Lord wants to say something.
Yes, but we pray for you.
We'll never solicit you for any money on any platform.
We'll never ask you for a dime on any platform ever.
Do not fall for this; there are many that have, but we are not ever going to ask you for a dime on this platform or any other platform.
The Lord said, you preach my gospel freely and you give it freely to the people.
Never ask him for a dime.
And so I want you to know that we are never going to do that.
So if there's people out there doing it, it is not us, and there are people trying to imitate us.
Yes, they're trying to snare you.
Impersonators, yes, impersonators, and it makes me very angry.
And I've, we've tried our hardest to stop these people because it's wrong, and we want you to be aware of this.
So I have to tell that every time at the beginning of the video, it's what I need to tell, because it's the one the people watching first.
We will not ask you for nothing.
So we don't invest; investments help, or invest your money or whatever scams people try to do.
That's never us, never.
That's why I even more so, I stop talking about this crypto stuff because there's people getting scammed.
It is important that you know that that's not us.
So we just want to pray for you all.
Please don't fall victim to that.
Yeah, they do it to a lot of big YouTubers.
Yes, a lot of big YouTubers, and it's gotten a lot worse.
A lot of other channels too, because we get so many views.
The Lord has brought these people, and we feel responsible to tell you that's not, freely we've been given and freely we give it out.
That is our heart.
We love the Lord, and it's all about him.
It's not about us.
But if you could with the part that helps us, this is the part we'll ever ask you to do: subscribe, click the subscribe button, click the notification button, click the like button.
It helps us with the YouTube algorithm; it's what spread this gospel throughout the world.
YouTube will promote the video and people see it whenever you do that, and we believe it's, we have an urgency to get this gospel out.
So we have all these new channels: China, South Korea, Japan, not North Korea, one day in the name of Jesus, Philippines.
My son laughs at me because I say North Korea, because I'm believing God it's going to happen.
We're going to see North Korea, I believe it.
We're going to see that Iron Curtain come down in the name of Jesus, and we're going to get those people.
It's time that his glory would be over North Korea.
I pray for them so much in my heart, it bothers me a lot.
We will reach these people, and Kim Jong Un is going to be dealt with, and there will be a day when those people that have been tormented and tortured for so long get to hear about our Jesus.
Yes, he is going to visit them, even in their sleep.
Whatever it takes, we must pray for them and pray for the people who are not able to hear about Jesus.
It's our job to pray for our brothers and our sisters.
Well, we appreciate you all being here today, and we're excited that you're here.
We're thankful for every single one of you, and we say, put a smile in your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you, and we will see you all soon.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.